## Overview

Akamai Certificate Provisioning Service (CPS) provides certificate management and administration for certificates that 
are used within Akamai systems. This orchestrator interacts with Akamai CPS in order to Inventory certificates currently 
defined in that platform, and also supports adding new certificates or renewing existing ones.
New certificates are created in Akamai CPS via On Device Key Generation (ODKG aka Reenrollment). This means that 
certificates cannot be directly added to the CPS system, but instead need to have their keys generated in Akamai and 
then have a certificate issued for that keypair via a CSR.
This workflow is completely automated in the Akamai CPS Orchestrator. As a result, full contact information for the 
resulting certificates needs to be configured as this is required by Akamai. Additionally, the orchestrator automatically 
approves certificate deployments, even if there are warnings. This behavior should be understood and acknowledged if 
continuing to use the Akamai CPS Orchestrator.

## Use Cases

The Akamai CPS orchestrator extension implements the following capabilities:
1. Inventory - Return all certificates of the type defined in the cert store (Production or Staging)
2. Reenrollment - Process a key generation request and create a new certificate with a Keyfactor CA. Two scenarios are supported:
    1. No Enrollment Id provided - create a new Enrollment and certificate in Akamai
    2. Existing Enrollment Id provided - renew an existing certificate in Akamai and update the Enrollment

## Requirements

### Akamai Platform Configuration

In the Akamai instance, an API Credential needs to be configured and used to provide authentication for the Keyfactor 
Orchestrator extension to function. To do this, navigate to `Account Admin` -> `Identity & access`. Clicking 
`Create API client`, select a user whose permissions should be used to access and manage certificates. This user should 
already have the needed permissions to access CPS. The access of the API Client can be restricted to just the CPS APIs, 
but the API Client should have `READ-WRITE` access.

With the API Client created, a new credential should be generated by clicking `Create credential`. The contents of the 
credential should be downloaded or saved temporarily to use for configuring the Keyfactor Certificate Store. Afterward, 
it should be deleted as the credential file serves as authentication for accessing APIs, and should be treated as a 
plaintext password and not saved long-term.